alright good afternoon folks today we're
going to do a safety course on jet skis
before you take this bad boy out make
sure you have a few things like one of
these a cheesy looking life jacket they
call them life jackets because they
could you upload or at least they should
also you want to make sure that you have
certain safety items going to jet ski is
the kill switch this kills the
excitement if you fall off if you don't
attention tips we feel the excitement
continues after you crawl off secondly
you want to make sure your jet ski is
outfitted with safety equipment always
make sure you don't leave the dock
without ice for your safety gear for
your jet ski can't you break down you
get jumper cables and starter fluid and
players and garbage like that anyway
make sure you've got all your safety
gear and for god sakes make sure you're
safe